# ethereum-ecosystem-index

Crypto Index Readme
This repository contains four Python scripts for generating and calculating a crypto index.

Scripts
index_snapshot_generator.py
This script processes historical price data for cryptocurrencies and generates index snapshots for the crypto index. The script retrieves token data using the Coingecko API and filters tokens based on their economic purpose and categories. The generated snapshots are saved in the data/index_snapshots folder.

fetch_prices.py
This script fetches historical price data for the tokens included in each index snapshot for the rebalancing periods. The script retrieves token data using the Coingecko API and saves the price data in the data/prices folder.

calculate_index.py
This script calculates the crypto index using the price data fetched by the fetch_prices.py script. The script calculates the market capitalization of each token and normalizes the values to generate the index.

plot.py
This script generates a plot of the crypto index using the data generated by the calculate_index.py script. The plot is saved as a PNG image in the plots folder.

Dependencies
The scripts require the following dependencies to be installed:
requests
tqdm

The Coingecko API is used to retrieve token data, and an API key is required for authentication. The API key should be set as the API_KEY variable in fetch_prices.py.


Usage
To use the scripts, follow these steps:

Clone the repository to your local machine.
Install the dependencies using pip install -r requirements.txt.
Set the API key in fetch_prices.py.
Run the scripts in the following order:

python index_snapshot_generator.py
python fetch_prices.py
python calculate_index.py
python plot.py